 “Let’s dance together!” As soon as I heard someone say “dancing” I would unconsciously lower my head, looking at my pair of feet without feeling. As the events of what happened that fateful day flooded back into my mind, I could not stop myself from tearing up. It all happened like this…
  “Hahaha!” I was wearing an elegant ballet costume, holding up a letter of acceptance. I was like a dog with two tails, happily running in circles in the dancing room. “I’m accepted! I’m accepted!” I shouted. My ambition was always to become a world-known dancer. Now, I am accepted into the world’s most famous dancing academy in Paris! I am one more step closer to my dream, my eyes glittered with tears of joy thinking about my future life as a famous dancer.
  Upon reaching home, I immediately told my family about this wonderful news. After that, I even called my friends. Everyone was happy and proud of me. My friends and I then agreed to go to the nearby restaurant at 9.30 pm to celebrate my great achievement. I lay on my bed, grinning to myself. I got more and more excited as I imagined life in Paris. Not soon after, I dozed off.
  After a good long nap, I finally woke up. I looked at my clock lazily and immediately jumped out of my bed. It was already 9 pm! I was going to be late! I rushed out of my house hoping I will make it on time.
After a long run, I finally reached the road across the restaurant. I looked at my watch once again only to realise I still have 10 minutes.  It looks like I am not going to be late after all! Without looking at the road, I blindly crossed it. Suddenly, a red car drove towards me. After a series of loud sounds, I lost consciousness.
After what seemed like a long sleep, I opened my eyes. I was surrounded by my family and friends. They were looking depressed and sad. Some were crying, some have their eyes red. I had a weird feeling about all this. I tried getting off my bed only to realise my legs could not move! Mother said through sobs “ Your legs were... run over by a car” The truth hit me. I fell into an endless hole of devastation. I could never move my legs again.
  This accident made me lose the opportunity to achieve my dream and become a great dancer. From then on, my life had no goal. How I wish  I could rewind time and change all of this!
